createImmediateResponder doesn't work with files (#61)
Javacord/Website: docs/wiki/basic-tutorials/interactions/responding.md

::: tip INFO
Note that you have to respond withing 3 seconds, or the command will fail. If you need longer than 3 seconds you have to
respond with `respondLater()` which allows you to respond within 15 minutes.

> Because of this time limitation, sending any files when using `createImmediateResponder` is not possible.
> It's best to use the `respondLater` functionality of interactions.
> In case you really don't want to use `respondLater`. You can send a web link of the image.
> You can use the methodes that use online hosting. Like discords own cdn an example link is this:`https://cdn.discordapp.com/embed/avatars/0.png`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of this time limitation, sending any files when creating an immediate response is not possible.
If you want a file to be embedded either use `respondLater` or include a web link in the message content.
Depending on the media type of the link and the server configuration, Discord will then display an appropriate embed for the file.
```
It still was a bit misleading and had mostly chopped of half sentences. Do you feel this suggestion still transports what you were trying to express?

Author: jep, alright seems good :)

::: tip INFO
Note that you have to respond withing 3 seconds, or the command will fail. If you need longer than 3 seconds you have to
respond with `respondLater()` which allows you to respond within 15 minutes.

Because of this time limitation sending any files when using `createImmediateResponder` is not possible.

> You can use the `String` link methodes to avoid this. Or better just use `respondLater`

Reviewer: What do you mean by "`String` link methods"?

Author: Fair, I meant a online resource like the discord CDN or something. Do you want me to update that?

Reviewer: Please do. The current version is quite unclear but I can see the value in your addition as it's a question that will definitly come up.

Author: I re-pushed the branch with a new version. Can you check it. Apparently git doesn't update. For me at least.
